# Meeting â€” March 20, 2017

## Talking Points
- Need to merge protocol document into requirements document
- Client teams presented
    - Literally everyone is doing communication challenges
    - We got thrown under the bus. Meh.
- We need to meet with client teams. Might go to force next.

## Future Deliverable
- The Verified Document **March 25th, 2017**

We'll be working on the implementing the following things within the next couple of weeks:

### Before or During Spring Break
- (Will) Begin working on implementing some new functions (i.e. Channel creation/deletion, delete a user, etc.)
- (Hunter) Implement a test client
- Remove server password from server_example.py
- (Ian) Update the prototype server
- (Illya) Finish implementing the listener into Ian's prototype server. (Make sure the prototype has been update first)
- (Zach) Finish implementing new functions & check to make sure functions work (Possibly implement unit testing).
### After Spring Break
- Combine the prototype server (that has the listeners implemented) with database and server_example files.
- Go back through all of the code and refactor/document.
